The Challenge will kick off with a live "reverse pitch" event at the Colorado School of Mines, our host campus, on January 12, 2019. Outdoor Industry companies and organizations representing each area of focus will provide participants with a chance to learn about the problem space and ask questions, as well as form teams, interact with participants from across the state, and get feedback on their problem solving approaches. The reverse pitches will also be streamed and recorded for virtual participants to access.

In late January 2019, we will host a second reverse pitch & mentorship session at the Something Independent Trade School event, concurrent with the Outdoor Retailer + Snow Show event in Denver (Jan 30 - Feb 1, 2019). This will provide participants an opportunity to engage with the broader outdoor industry community and experience the energy and vibrancy of the industry first-hand at its largest single gathering.

Each participating university will then independently run its own set of challenges on its own campus.  Each university may offer instruction, mentorship and coaching to the students participating in the challenge, and may offer prizes, rewards and support, as available on that campus. Each university challenge will conclude by April 29, and each university will select one team in each focus area (Campus Champion) to submit to the final competition.

For consideration in the final round, the teams selected by each university must submit a 5-minute elevator pitch video and a prototype (if appropriate) by April 29. All submitted videos will be judged by a panel of industry experts, and the top two team videos in each topic area will be aired during the Wright (April 30 – May 2, online and at the Colorado School of Mines). The format will be a tournament-style pitch competition with two elimination rounds - one to determine winners within each area of focus, and a second to determine an overall champion.
